okay this is Robert I want to just talk
about what we're doing here this is a
structure and this board is a piece of
heavy particle board wood and what why I
chose this was well number one because I
happened to be in the shop and number
two because this piece of board boys
about ten pounds now this here is a
piece of industrial cardboard tubing and
it's roughly three inches in diameter
and through that we have a PVC pipe so
what we did was we glue the pipe to the
board on the bottom and then we took
these little spacers and glue them to
the inside of the cardboard pipe so that
would be stable so if I try to push on
it it doesn't hardly move much so
theoretically theoretically when we've
got the cake on there it'll be nice and
stable all right so this is the first
part of the video and we'll come back as
we go along this is going to be a disco
ball cake thanks let me just talk about
this for a second this here is a 14-inch
styrofoam 1/2 ball and what we did was
we drove the stake through which is
actually the PVC pipe to create this
hole so we're going to cover this guy in
fondant it's going to go through the
pole if you will hit in this section
here is where the cake is going to sit
so we covered that and fun first then
put the cake on top
hopefully it'll look like a circle what
we're shooting for
okay so we'll get back to you all right
so we got the bottom half for the
styrofoam on there covered in fondant
and this is actually the real cake it's
upside down we're going to put it on
there and we're going to try to fix the
sides so that it looks more circular
alright so we'll come back in a second
again okay so the cake is actually on
this as you can see it's not a perfect
circle but we'll try it's kind of close
right what I think I like it
alright guys welcome back to but we did
get the round shape a little better I
hope you three I think it looks better
so morethan guys my first real spear
yeah I know it's the disco ball but you
know
spear sounds a lot more impressive than
big ball here fear be enough fears fears
like a sore honey Prosser beer our first
big ball here I hope you guys like it
so we're going to put some fun on there
and then put the little mirrors on the
big ball spear spear
we'll be back here we got a fondant on
the actual cake now kind of a skirt on
the bottom of it as you can see which
we're taking off
and again we know it's not perfect but I
guess what we're finding is it making a
circle is really not easy our first one
right
turn the cake
you know that will actually pass for a
circle steer
big book
from progress basically this is our
disco ball
we made some tiles made out of fondant
when we've begun sticking them on there
let me just say is this is really slow
going so if any of you guys attempted to
make a disco ball like
keep in mind is going to take like all
day hey guys
alright just wanted to give you progress
on this disco cake this has taken
forever putting all these little squares
on there which we're going to paint
tomorrow we're going to stop now but
just want to kind of give you the idea
of how this is looking as you can see
the little squares that are supposed to
represent the mirrors are not perfect
and I tell you what they're not going to
be perfect
there's no way anyway hope you guys like
it we'll be back soon
you
[Music]
okay we're here at the hotel Double Tree
Hotel and prep the disco ball cake
why would build this little contraption
to kondeh which was in a wooden very
very smart
it's a rock perspective survive
difficult of all
so they try to give it a little prison
looking thin this is the contraption
that has a little light Roberts big
heads in the way so you can't see
so we're going to put in two lights and
turn them on that where they will be on
they last about six to eight hours or if
the party starts at eight so it should
be good cause right now it's like good
four o'clock we'll be right back
you